'Flow ID': A unique identifier for network flows, which are sequences of packets between a source and destination.
'Src IP': The source IP address of the network traffic.
'Src Port': The source port number used for the communication.
'Dst IP': The destination IP address of the network traffic.
'Dst Port': The destination port number used for the communication.
'Protocol': The network protocol used, such as TCP, UDP, or ICMP.
'Timestamp': The timestamp indicating when the flow was recorded.
'Flow Duration': The duration of the network flow in seconds.
'Tot Fwd Pkts': Total number of packets sent in the forward direction.
'Tot Bwd Pkts': Total number of packets sent in the backward direction.
'TotLen Fwd Pkts': Total length of packets sent in the forward direction in bytes.
'TotLen Bwd Pkts': Total length of packets sent in the backward direction in bytes.
'Fwd Pkt Len Max': Maximum length of a packet in the forward direction.
'Fwd Pkt Len Min': Minimum length of a packet in the forward direction.
'Fwd Pkt Len Mean': Mean length of packets in the forward direction.
'Fwd Pkt Len Std': Standard deviation of packet length in the forward direction.
'Bwd Pkt Len Max': Maximum length of a packet in the backward direction.
'Bwd Pkt Len Min': Minimum length of a packet in the backward direction.
'Bwd Pkt Len Mean': Mean length of packets in the backward direction.
'Bwd Pkt Len Std': Standard deviation of packet length in the backward direction.
'Flow Byts/s': Bytes per second in the flow.
'Flow Pkts/s': Packets per second in the flow.
'Flow IAT Mean': Mean inter-arrival time of flow packets.
'Flow IAT Std': Standard deviation of inter-arrival time of flow packets.
'Flow IAT Max': Maximum inter-arrival time of flow packets.
'Flow IAT Min': Minimum inter-arrival time of flow packets.
'Fwd IAT Tot': Total inter-arrival time of forward packets.
'Fwd IAT Mean': Mean inter-arrival time of forward packets.
'Fwd IAT Std': Standard deviation of inter-arrival time of forward packets.
'Fwd IAT Max': Maximum inter-arrival time of forward packets.
'Fwd IAT Min': Minimum inter-arrival time of forward packets.
'Bwd IAT Tot': Total inter-arrival time of backward packets.
'Bwd IAT Mean': Mean inter-arrival time of backward packets.
'Bwd IAT Std': Standard deviation of inter-arrival time of backward packets.
'Bwd IAT Max': Maximum inter-arrival time of backward packets.
'Bwd IAT Min': Minimum inter-arrival time of backward packets.
'Fwd PSH Flags': Number of packets with the PUSH flag set in the forward direction.
'Bwd PSH Flags': Number of packets with the PUSH flag set in the backward direction.
'Fwd URG Flags': Number of packets with the URGENT flag set in the forward direction.
'Bwd URG Flags': Number of packets with the URGENT flag set in the backward direction.
'Fwd Header Len': Total header length in the forward direction.
'Bwd Header Len': Total header length in the backward direction.
'Fwd Pkts/s': Packets per second in the forward direction.
'Bwd Pkts/s': Packets per second in the backward direction.
'Pkt Len Min': Minimum packet length.
'Pkt Len Max': Maximum packet length.
'Pkt Len Mean': Mean packet length.
'Pkt Len Std': Standard deviation of packet length.
'Pkt Len Var': Variance of packet length.
'FIN Flag Cnt': Number of packets with the FIN flag set.
'SYN Flag Cnt': Number of packets with the SYN flag set.
'RST Flag Cnt': Number of packets with the RESET flag set.
'PSH Flag Cnt': Number of packets with the PUSH flag set.
'ACK Flag Cnt': Number of packets with the ACK flag set.
'URG Flag Cnt': Number of packets with the URGENT flag set.
'CWE Flag Count': Number of packets with CWE (Common Weakness Enumeration) flag set.
'ECE Flag Cnt': Number of packets with the ECE (Explicit Congestion Notification Echo) flag set.
'Down/Up Ratio': Ratio of downstream to upstream traffic.
'Pkt Size Avg': Average packet size.
'Fwd Seg Size Avg': Average segment size in the forward direction.
'Bwd Seg Size Avg': Average segment size in the backward direction.
'Fwd Byts/b Avg': Average bytes per byte in the forward direction.
'Fwd Pkts/b Avg': Average packets per byte in the forward direction.
'Fwd Blk Rate Avg': Average block rate in the forward direction.
'Bwd Byts/b Avg': Average bytes per byte in the backward direction.
'Bwd Pkts/b Avg': Average packets per byte in the backward direction.
'Bwd Blk Rate Avg': Average block rate in the backward direction.
'Subflow Fwd Pkts': Number of packets in the forward subflow.
'Subflow Fwd Byts': Number of bytes in the forward subflow.
'Subflow Bwd Pkts': Number of packets in the backward subflow.
'Subflow Bwd Byts': Number of bytes in the backward subflow.
'Init Fwd Win Byts': Initial forward window size.
'Init Bwd Win Byts': Initial backward window size.
'Fwd Act Data Pkts': Number of packets with actual data in the forward direction.
'Fwd Seg Size Min': Minimum segment size in the forward direction.
'Active Mean': Mean time a connection is active.
'Active Std': Standard deviation of the time a connection is active.
'Active Max': Maximum time a connection is active.
'Active Min': Minimum time a connection is active.
'Idle Mean': Mean time a connection is idle.
'Idle Std': Standard deviation of the time a connection is idle.
'Idle Max': Maximum time a connection is idle.
'Idle Min': Minimum time a connection is idle.
'Label': The label assigned to the network traffic. This is the target variable that we want to predict.

Data is from ddos, dos, and benign traffic

brainstorm ideas on how to analyze the data

- what are the most important features?
- graph the differnece between dos and ddos
- graph the difference between dos and benign
- Split into flags, flow, byts, pkts, IAT, subflow only, ect and predict the label
- Filter by first x mintues and try to detect ddos



Observations:

Lots of sync flags (SYN, for TCP)
Lots of ACK flags

